name	row_number	problem_type	problem_col	error_message
hz05a	1	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05b	3	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05c	5	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05e	7	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05f	9	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz05g	11	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz06a	14	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz06b	16	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz06c	18	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07a	20	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07b	22	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07c	24	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07d	26	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz07e	28	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz09a	30	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz10b	34	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz10c	36	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz10d	38	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz11a	40	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz11b	42	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz11c	44	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13a	46	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13b	48	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13e	52	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz13f	54	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz15a	56	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz15b	58	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz15c	60	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18a	62	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18d	66	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz18e	68	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20b	72	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20c	74	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20e	77	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
hz20f	79	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10a	81	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10b	83	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf10d	86	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13b	90	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13d	93	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13e	95	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgf13f	97	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03b	100	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03f	105	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03g	107	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03h	109	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03i	111	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh03j	113	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh07b	123	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh07d	126	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09h	134	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09j	137	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09k	139	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09l	141	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh09m	143	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgh12t1PI	151	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04a	163	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04b	165	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj04d	168	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06a	171	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06b	173	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06c	175	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgj06d	177	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06a	179	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06b	181	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06c	183	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk06d	185	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08a	187	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08b	189	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08c	191	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk08e	194	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgk09t1PI	196	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t1PI	230	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
mgq05t2PI	232	value	criteria	This value: "ACCEPT" is not found in: criterion column in criteria table
